task:
Copy Static
We've written a lot of unit tests, it's time to start pulling all the pieces together into a working static site generator. Let's work on that main.py file that we've been neglecting.
Assignment
    1   Add the following files to a static directory in the root of your project (the contents of the files are at the bottom of this page):
            static/images/tolkien.png
            static/index.css
    2   Write a recursive function that copies all the contents from a source directory to a destination directory (in our case, static to public)
            It should first delete all the contents of the destination directory (public) to ensure that the copy is clean.
            It should copy all files and subdirectories, nested files, etc.
            I recommend logging the path of each file you copy, so you can see what's happening as you run and debug your code.
Here are some of the standard library docs that might be helpful:
    os.path.exists
    os.listdir
    os.path.join
    os.path.isfile
    os.mkdir
    shutil.copy
    shutil.rmtree
    Hook the function up to your main function and test it out. I didn't use a unit test for this one because it interacts with the file system: I just tested it manually.
    Add the public/ directory to your .gitignore file. This is where the generated site will live. As a general rule, it's bad to commit generated stuff, especially if it can be regenerated easily.
    Ensure that running main.sh generates the public directory and all the copied content correctly.
Run and submit the CLI tests from the root of the project.





write a recursive function that copies all the contents from a source directory to a destination directory(static to public)
delete all contents of the destination directory(public). inside the recurse i assume
then copy all files, and sub directories, nested files etc.. 

why do i need to delete the content in the destination folder? to make sure what we put in it is "clean", which i assume means there is no duplicates or such.
what should go into the public folder? what does the public folder do?
i think it stores whatever is going to be on the website?


write a recursive function.. 
i guess it would be something like



def function(filepath):
    check if filepath is valid:
        if not valid raise error
    if directory is not empty:  #cant have this after the recurse. else it would delete whatever is already copied to it?
        delete everything
    #if directory contains no directory: #not needed, how would i check for this without looping over all objects
        #if directory has files:
            #copy files to destination


what is my return? my "go back" point?
there doesnt need to be a condition i think. when it hits the bottom of the code i can just return.
theres no need to return an object since its just copying everything then recursing, but then i cant have the delete everything line at the top. cant have delete>copy>recurse>delete>copy.
maybe i can check if public is empty.. no that would lead to the same direction. 
maybe i can create an attribute in the function that tells the recurse wether to delete private or not. if private has not been deleted, delete contents of private, 
variable "deleted private" goes from false to true.

i need to eventually get to the bottom of the directory.
what if the directory has multiple directories in it.


#currentdir = current directory #redundant since the current dir is in the filepath.
    if len(files in directory) != 1:
        for item in directory: #loops through all objects in directory, checks if it is a directory or not, if not, copy item to destination
            if directory:
                make directory(private/found directory)
                recurse(path is found directory)
            if not directory:
                copy to public/currentdir
    return


i can use os.listdir to get a list containing the names of the entries in the directory given by path(os.listdir(path=))
path like object is needed. so i need create a path object for it to use.