just writing thoughts of how this shit is functioning
"based on thEtype of block, create a new htmlnode with the proper data"
what is the proper data for a block. if its a parent node it needs no tags, but how do i figure out if its a parent node..
if i split up a markdown block at all double newlines(markdown to blocks), what do i have there? i have a list of blocks.
i can then assign what is in those blocks with the block to blocktype function.
these would be just straight htmlnodes with the proper data. this will only be the block markdown, not inline. inline can be inside all of the blocks
so the block element can contain inline elements. it affects visuals mostly. like bullet points, or ordered list, quote and code all makes different
visuals in html.
so with the current block in the loop, i need to find the type of block, block to blocktype.
save that in a variable, then run it through a function to find if it has child elements, which all will have, which means this is a parent node.
even code which can only contain a text file, is a parent node. so it needs to be a parentnode(blocktoblocktype(), children, and if it has props?)
thats the result.

so we find the blocktype, save to variable. the block type only matters to how it will look like.
then we make if statements, if blocktype==code, paragraph, orderedlist etc.
find what kind of children is inside of the text. except if its code block. it should  be a textnode.
create a helperfunction to find the children?
parent_node = prentnode(tag, children in the form of a function(blocktext),props?)
then after all that, return parentnode(div,parent_node)

im not sure about the props thing... if given it will be used i guess?
props is taken care of if there is props, as we will call to_html on leafnodes anyways, which is where props come in if there is any.

for the helper function for finding what children is in the block. some blocks can have block children in it. atleast in regular markdown, maybe not
in this simplified one.. im going to assume not. asked boots! not in scope. maybe ill try to write that later when im done.

helper function. it needs to take the text and return a list of htmlnodes for all the inline markdown.
i can use the text_to_textNodes to make a list of inline textnodes. then i can loop over all those with the .to_html function.
but i do think i need to remove whichever header,code,list symbol before i run this helperfunction. which means i need to STRIP the type of header/code/whatever from the block of text?
else the block is only "### header" instead of h1-6 header /h1-6.. i might need more helper functions to sort that out for EACH TYPE..

HEADER:
i will need a function to find out how many # are in the header, to find out which tag it should have. also to strip said block of the #.
.strip"#" will remove all # from the beginning and end of a string. if i add a space to the # it will strip that too.
how do i find out how many # are in the beginning of the string.
i can use regex. extract the amount of # at the beginning of the header
re.match(pattern, string)
since headers only have # at the beginning, i can Lstrip("# "), save as variable, len(original) - len(new) = total -1 because of the space.
i searched google to figure that out, which gave me ai response.

I DO NOT NEED TO CONVERT TO HTML YET? YES, NOT YET.
